do you want to make more money on
Instagram don't you wish there was a way
to get paid with a reoccurring monthly
Revenue directly from the followers that
you already have the audience that
you've already built over on Instagram
well thanks to Instagram subscriptions
that is possible so whether you're an
Instagram expert or you've never heard
of Instagram subscriptions before today
I'm going to tell you everything you
need to know including my best tips in
order to increase your subscribers and
make more money directly on Instagram
for those of you who may have missed it
in May of 2022 Instagram rolled out a
new feature called Instagram
subscriptions initially this was just a
test with about a dozen or so creators
and then they began slowly broadening
the parameters of who could become a
subscription-based Creator or what
creators could offer subscriptions on
Instagram and now a lot of people have
access to subscriptions but what the
heck even are Instagram subscriptions a
good way to think of it is like patreon
if you're familiar with that platform or
even only fans if you're familiar with
only fans but but it's specifically for
Instagram so your existing followers can
choose to subscribe to your account in
order to unlock certain exclusive
benefits now I should say that just
because you turn on subscriptions
doesn't mean that now all of your
followers have to pay all of your
followers can still keep following you
the subscribers who choose to subscribe
will do so in order to unlock exclusive
benefits and content when you're setting
it up you get to choose exactly how much
you charge you can charge as little as
199 a month and as most as 99 dollars
per month so you have quite a bit of
flexibility in terms of how much you're
going to be charging your subscribers
and you have total freedom in terms of
what you're going to be giving them you
could turn on your subscriptions and
give your subscribers absolutely nothing
or you could turn on your subscriptions
and give your followers access to
everything and anything under the sun
it's totally up to you in order to go
through the necessary steps to set it up
you will have to submit some sort of
information in regards to where they are
going to pay you because of course they
have to to send the money somewhere and
like I said Instagram is constantly
making subscriptions available to more
and more creators but at the time of
recording this Instagram subscriptions
are available in Australia Brazil Canada
France Germany Italy Japan Mexico Spain
the United Kingdom and the United States
once you have Instagram subscriptions
set up your followers will be able to
subscribe directly from your feed posts
directly from your profile or you can
even attach a sticker to your Instagram
stories so that people can subscribe
right there from your stories once they
subscribe what do they get well like I
said earlier it is pretty much up to you
but what you can offer them is private
Instagram stories that only your
subscribers can see private subscriber
only feed posts that again only your
subscribers can see subscriber only live
videos subscriber only group chats
subscriber only broadcast channels and
the one thing that you don't really get
control over that every subscriber
automatically gets is a little tiny
purple crown icon next to their username
once one of your followers becomes a
subscriber they automatically unlock
anything that you have previously posted
to your subscribers only feed so you can
see any feed posts that you shared any
reels any carousels that are only for
subscribers that you've posted in the
past if you have any stories during that
day or any upcoming lives they will
automatically be able to attend or view
those videos and then from there they
will be charged once a month until they
decide to cancel and so without getting
too far ahead of myself one of the
awesome things about Instagram
subscriptions is that it's a reoccurring
revenue for you it's a relatively low
cost or low commitment for your
subscribers depending on how much you
decide to charge them but then for you
as the Creator if you get let's say 100
subscribers who are paying you five
dollars a month that might be a
relatively low cost for each subscriber
but for you that's about 500 extra
dollars each month just for subscribers
only content now I will say that
Instagram is very generous and they take
zero dollars and zero cents they take
zero percent commission on your
subscriber fee but the App Store does
take a certain percentage and that's
because the transaction the sub
description is being facilitated through
the App Store this is technically an
in-app purchase or an in-app
subscription so whether you're on Apple
or Android whether your subscribers are
on Apple or Android the Apple App Store
and the Google Play Store take around 30
commission for your total subscribers
amount so to use the numbers that we
were talking about a minute ago if you
have 100 subscribers who are paying five
dollars a month you wouldn't actually be
making 500 a month you would actually
only be making 370 a month so still
better than nothing but the app stores
definitely do take a big chunk there are
no other special criteria that you need
in order to get this feature if you have
a professional account and you live in
one of the countries that I listed
earlier you're good to go just make sure
you don't violate any of Instagram's
Community guidelines make sure that your
account status is in good standing and
you should eventually get access to the
feature unfortunately Instagram
subscriptions just like many other
Instagram features takes a lot of time
and processing power to roll out to
every single user so if you meet all the
criteria that I have listed but you
don't have access to Instagram
subscriptions just keep refreshing keep
checking your settings and keep your
fingers crossed in the hopes that you
get access to subscriptions soon now
before we get into the actual top 10
tips of how to increase your subscribers
and make more money on Instagram I think
it's important to talk about some of the
pros and cons the risks and rewards of
using Instagram subscriptions I think
the biggest Pro is that it's right on
Instagram it's built in and so if you
already have a community or a following
on Instagram you don't have to ask them
to sign up for some new style you don't
have to ask them to go to patreon and
make a login just to subscribe to you on
patreon you don't have to ask them to
leave Instagram they can stay right on
Instagram and oftentimes very easily
make the in-app purchase to become a
subscriber of course this is the
double-edged sword that is the pro and
the con because it's on Instagram you
don't have access to these people's
emails you don't have access to their
phone numbers you don't have access to
their contact information the only thing
you really know about your subscribers
is their Instagram handle so if
Instagram never shuts down or glitches
or your account gets hacked or anything
happens to you that makes you lose
access to Instagram well then you also
lose access to this income you lose
access to all of these customers who are
paying you a monthly fee and also like
I've already talked about because it's
owned by Instagram and because all of
these transactions are facilitated
through the App Store you do give up a
30 fee now for some membership or
Community platforms they might take a
greater percentage they might take a
lesser percentage some platforms take a
flat monthly fee depending on how many
subscribers you have so really it's up
to you to do your research and figure
out which subscription platform is best
for you but if you're someone who has a
really raving fan base on Instagram
who's looking for more content that is
very similar to what you already share
on Instagram it might make sense for you
to create Instagram subscriptions
alright with all that being said let's
hop into the top 10 strategies that I
have for you in order to get more
subscribers on Instagram strategy number
one is an unfortunate truth of Instagram
subscribers and that is that you have
have to explain it not many people know
what Instagram subscriptions are I mean
we've spent the majority of the
beginning of this video Just Me
explaining to you what Instagram
subscriptions are and you are likely
someone who knows quite a bit more about
Instagram than the average one of your
followers so it's important that if you
are going to be starting Instagram
subscriptions you have to just explain
to people what they even are because
people don't necessarily know what they
are paying for they don't know what
they're getting they don't know what
even is this is this a part of Instagram
is this a new platform what is Instagram
subscriptions so just like I've
explained it to you you need to briefly
describe it and explain it to your own
followers strategy number two and this
one is absolutely essential is that you
need to offer something to your
subscribers on Instagram that isn't
offered anywhere else now of course
ideally you would be offering something
that no one offers anywhere else but
really what I'm specifically meaning by
this point is that you need to offer
something to your Instagram subscribers
that you don't offer anywhere else so
let me give you an example in the insta
Club Hub we get give weekly trending
audio reports every single week all of
our club members get 10 audios that we
think are currently blowing up or are
about to blow up on Instagram it
wouldn't make sense for me to also offer
that to my Instagram subscribers because
that would cannibalize the insta Club
Hub offer I would have two offers that
are competing with each other and in
fact if I can take a step back here and
share something personal this is one of
the reasons that I have really struggled
personally with what do I share on my
Instagram subscriptions and it's not
because I can't think of valuable things
to share it's that all of those valuable
things are already available inside the
insta Club Hub and Shameless plug for
the insta Club Hub like I said there's
the 10 trending audios there's the live
trainings there's the pre-recorded
trainings there's the in-depth tutorials
there's the templates there's the weekly
update on what's hot on Instagram
there's profile reviews and live videos
just pretty much everything already
inside the insta Club up and that's
because as we have created the insta
Club Hub one of our goals is that we are
the final resource that you'll ever need
for Instagram him you'll never have to
listen to another podcast purchase
another course or follow another expert
because everything is available inside
the insta Club Hub and that is our goal
so we can help other business owners
grow their profiles on Instagram as well
and start making more money from
Instagram so that's what the insta Club
Hub is for and so because of that the
only thing that I can really come up
with to share with my Instagram
subscribers is behind the scenes content
like outtakes or things that I've like
messed up on bloopers things like that
that are quote unquote mistakes that I
wouldn't share to my normal Instagram
feed that's what I've shared with my
Instagram subscribers in the past but
like I said honestly it's been very
tough to come up with really truly
valuable content to share with my
subscribers because that's all already
inside the club but I think a great
example of something that has very high
demand and isn't available anywhere else
is what my mom does with her Instagram
subscribers as many of you know my mom
has a background in Fitness a lot of you
know her from her past life being a
celebrity fitness instructor turning on
your TV at 3 a.m and hearing her voice
selling workout DVDs well she hasn't
really been in the fitness space for the
last five years or so you might still
see some of her infomercials on TV but
she isn't actively producing anymore and
she rarely puts out fitness-based
content but obviously a lot of her
followers follow her for that reason and
they're interested in those topics so on
my mom's Instagram subscriptions she
gives weekly behind the scenes of what
she's doing these aren't necessarily
workout tutorials workout guides these
aren't workout DVDs this is just hey
here's what I'm doing in the gym here's
my reps my exercises my weights and then
her subscribers can do with this
information what they make they might
just like consuming that content or more
than likely they're using this content
as ideas and inspiration for their own
weekly workouts but when you offer
something that's exclusive unique or not
available anywhere else it creates that
novelty it creates that specialness
which will help drive more people to
want to become subscribers just make
sure that in the sales process or in the
promotion of your Instagram
subscriptions you make it clear what is
available in your subscriptions and why
that's unique and special tip number
three is create additional incentives
for joining rather than just hey you get
access to some private stories and lives
and feed posts oh and you get a little
purple crown next to your name create
some sort of additional benefits maybe
they get exclusive access to a private
group chat with you maybe they get to
ask you one question maybe you're going
to give them a free quote unquote
10-minute call when they become a
subscriber so that they can pick your
brain maybe when someone becomes a
subscriber you're going to personally
send them a message get their home
address and then you're going to send
them a postcard or you're going to send
them a monthly pack of stickers
basically create additional incentives
additional bonuses if you will for
joining your subscriptions and that's a
great way to set your subscriptions
apart from everyone else speaking of
setting yourself apart from everyone
else a great way to grow your
subscriptions on Instagram is tip number
four which is make it worth it over
deliver and give tons of value for the
monthly fee of course maybe you just
have some super fans and some very loyal
community members who want to become
subscribers just for the sake of
subscribing they want to become
subscribers just so that they can give
back to you and provide you with a small
monthly fee in exchange for all of the
content that you're already posting I
know that personally that's something
that I've heard echoed by a lot of my
subscribers they don't subscribe to me
to get extra content or to get any
additional perks or benefits they
subscribe just as a way to say thank you
but maybe that's not you maybe that's
not your community maybe you don't have
any super fans yet and if that's the
case or maybe I should say regardless of
if that's the case you need to make your
subscriptions worth it you need to make
it valuable the type of value that not
just makes people want to stick around
but makes people want to tell their
friends that they also need to subscribe
to your content so again just like in
tip number three you could add extra
incentives bonuses or benefits to your
Instagram subscriptions but really the
bottom line is just make sure that
you're over delivering make sure that
you are serving people make sure that if
you really want to grow your subscribe
descriptions and you really want to make
it something that is a really reliable
stream of income for yourself that is
also something that your subscribers can
rely on to get value from and as I've
talked about in another recent episode
of build your tribe value doesn't just
mean educational tips right value can be
funny things value can be things that
move us value can be storytelling value
can be moving our emotions value can be
making us laugh or entertaining us or
even making us sad value can come from
many many different areas it's not just
educational tips you know like for
myself personally if all I ever give to
my subscribers is behind the scenes
bloopers and outtakes not very many
people are going to be at the level of
super fan of mine where they're going to
want to see those bloopers and outtakes
I mean very few people fall into that
category but if I was someone like
Justin Bieber and I created an Instagram
subscription where for five dollars a
month you could see all of my again
remember I'm Justin Bieber all of my
biggest bloopers and outtakes and
mistakes and behind the scenes things
and things that you don't get anywhere
else well then obviously tens of
thousands of people are going to want
that and that's going to be very
valuable for them so it really depends
on who you are who your audience is what
level of fandom they have towards you or
what level of investment they have into
the community that you've built my fifth
tip for you to get more subscribers on
Instagram and this one is going to sound
very simple and self-explanatory yet
it's something that I think most people
aren't doing enough of and that's
promote it on Instagram and promote it
often talk about your subscriptions all
the time and do different things to
engage reward and highlight your
subscribers and different things to make
it seem like it's this kind of exclusive
Community this special group of people
give little sneak previews as to what
you're posting talk about your
subscriptions explain what subscriptions
are and just constantly be promoting it
on your Instagram and then along those
same lines my sixth tip for you is also
promote it off of Instagram I know in
entrepreneurship and in online marketing
especially you know we're very used to
this idea of oh I'm going to send an
email to my email list to promote my new
course oh I'm going to use my Tick Tock
and my Instagram and my Twitter to
promote my upcoming launch but when it
comes to promoting our Instagram
subscriptions people seem to forget that
they have all of these other channels
all these other platforms to reach
people and Reach people who might follow
them on Instagram and want to subscribe
to them on Instagram or see the
announcement that you are now offering
Instagram subscriptions so talk about it
on your Tick Tock send an email to your
email list if you have a phone list send
them a text message if you have a small
group Community who meets on Zoom tell
them about it just like you would
promote anything else that you're
offering everywhere you should promote
your Instagram subscriptions everywhere
my seventh tip for you to get more
subscribers on Instagram is use the
Instagram subscriber preview this is a
really cool feature that Instagram gave
us shout out to Instagram this is really
helpful it's a great marketing tool to
basically allow you to select three of
your subscriber only feed posts and so
you can have these posts that otherwise
would only be visible to your subscriber
is visible to the general public your
average follower and you're allowed to
have up to three subscriber previews and
here's how I recommend using those three
previews two of them should be your best
content and not necessarily the content
within your subscribers that got the
most engagement but more beneficially
the content that really exemplifies what
someone can expect from your Instagram
subscriptions why should someone
subscribe to you and when they do what
kind of content can they expect from you
what's you know the average day look
like for your Instagram subscriber make
sure that that is uh really visible
really evident within two of those
preview posts so if you're giving them
behind the scenes bloopers make sure
it's the really funny the best bloopers
if you're giving them you know daily
workout ideas make sure it's the daily
workout ideas that really seem the most
valuable or really exemplify what people
are going to get on a day-to-day basis
and that represents two of the three and
then the third and final preview that
you can give to your subscribers is
basically like a trailer advertising for
your subscriptions this can be
highlights best last moment this can be
an edit that's made pretty much
specifically for your non-subscribers
but of course you're going to have to
share it to your subscriber only feed
first and then press the button to
enable it as one of your previews and
really this works just like a trailer
would for a movie it's an advertisement
it's trying to entice people and create
that fomo that feeling of missing out so
that they want to become subscribers tip
number eight for increasing your
subscribers on Instagram and this is one
that I have personally failed at and
that is being consistent whatever it is
that you promised to your subscribers
even if you just promise them things
that aren't necessarily on a schedule
like let's say you're just giving them
behind the scenes you're just giving
them uh you know quick insights into
your daily routine even if it's not
something that you promise on a regular
schedule stay consistent and stick to
that regular schedule so that people can
get what they paid for like I said I've
really failed in this category but I've
kind of intentionally failed if that
makes sense or I've failed but I haven't
failed let me let me explain I never
promised my subscribers anything from
the launch of my Instagram subscriptions
I've said that I don't know what I'm
gonna share I'm not gonna promise
anything I'm not going to guarantee any
specific content if you want to
subscribe to me thank you if you want to
do it just as a way to give back thank
you very much but by no means should
anyone feel obligated to subscribe and
more importantly by no means should no
one feel like they're going to get
anything or that they're promised or
guaranteed anything for subscribing I
basically treat my Instagram
subscriptions like a tip jar there's no
incentive for tipping there's no uh
reward for doing so there's no incentive
or reward for becoming a subscriber of
mine but if you want to grow your
subscriptions if you're unlike me and
you're someone who actually wants to
incentivize subscribing and get more
subscribers uh well then it's something
that you're going to want to stay
consistent with you're going to want to
deliver on whatever it is you promise
but also more than just delivering on
what you promise when you stay
consistent your subscribers also really
start to appreciate that value from you
they start to expect it from you they're
more likely to have you in their mind
well whether it's your normal feed
content or your subscribers content
they're more likely to recommend you to
their friends and they're more likely to
stay subscribed tip number nine and this
one is absolutely huge if you want to
increase your Instagram subscriptions
this one is a gold mine that I haven't
seen anyone else talking about and I've
seen very few people do and that is to
encourage or dare I say incentivize
referrals one of the best ways to grow
any business whether you are a brick and
mortar business or an e-commerce shop is
to have referrals Word of Mouth people
One customer telling another person to
become a customer that is really
powerful that is an added layer an added
reason why someone would want to become
a subscriber not only do they have all
of the awesome features and benefits
that you've shared but also now they
have one of their friends someone who
they trust saying hey you should become
a subscriber of this person and so the
basic version of tip number nine is to
encourage your subscribers to refer your
subscriptions to their friends hey if
you think this is really funny make sure
to tell your friends subscribe as well
hey if you find my Instagram
subscriptions really valuable share it
with a friend so that they can subscribe
as well but the pro tip for number nine
the pro version of this tip is to not
just encourage it but to incentivize it
now with many online platforms with many
online reoccurring revenue or membership
sites uh there are ways that you can
directly track who refers who and people
can get clear explicit credit there's no
real way to do that within Instagram
subscriptions there aren't any real
built-in softwares yet that will allow
you to track referrals within Instagram
subscriptions but what you could do is
kind of create like a Jerry rigged
version where essentially let's say
Susie recommends Hannah to become a
subscriber well then after Hannah
becomes a subscriber Hannah could then
send you a message and say hey I became
a subscriber because Susie referred me
and then you here's the key you
incentivize that referral so you maybe
you give them some kind of reward maybe
they get a 30 minute coaching call with
you maybe they get an exclusive sticker
from your sticker pack maybe they get a
special shout out on your Instagram
stories I don't know there's there's
different offers that you could come up
with that are specific to your account
your industry your community but really
the point here is that you are rewarding
people for referring your subscriptions
and specifically for getting that
referral to convert to a new subscriber
this is something that like I said not
many people are doing not many people
are talking about and that's because
it's not very easy to do and it does
require having an Engaged group of
subscribers if not even a large group of
subscribers as it is because you're
essentially having your subscribers grow
your subscriptions for you but if you
can tap into this strategy if you can be
someone who is incentivizing referrals
within Instagram subscriptions your
subscriber base is going to grow quick
and then my 10th tip for you to grow
your subscribers on Instagram is a tip
that really applies to sales and
marketing in general not just to
Instagram subscriptions and that is to
focus on the benefits rather than the
features and here's what's going to
happen you're going to create your
Instagram subscription if you haven't
already and you're going to fall in love
with all the different features that you
can offer to your subscribers and you're
going to be very tempted to want to tell
your subscribers about hey make sure you
subscribe so you can get my exclusive
stories and my daily exclusive feed
posts and you get this little purple
crown icon next to your name and you get
to join this private group chat and
you're going to tell them about all
these little features that they have
when really that's not necessarily what
your subscribers or if we can take a
step back here that's not really what
your customers care about they care
about the benefits they care about
what's in it for them why should they
become a subscriber yes they get access
to exclusive stories but why does that
matter yes they can join a private group
chat but why does that matter what is
the benefit to them what can they get
out of becoming a subscriber even if
that benefit is just that it's a way for
them to share their thanks to Express
gratitude for you as a Creator and a way
to become a patron and give back to you
make sure when you're promoting your or
subscriptions no matter where you're
promoting them make sure to focus on the
benefits for your subscribers rather
than the features of your subscriptions
and speaking of gratitude speaking of
thankfulness I'll throw in a 11th bonus
tip for you and that is to Express
gratitude and thankfulness for your
subscribers and do it constantly
directly to them like you could
literally pull up the list of your
subscribers and DM each one of them
sending them a personalized video
message thanking them and expressing
your gratitude for them and becoming a
subscriber asking them if there's
anything they specifically want to see
or any kind of content they want you to
share within your subscriptions and
really just building that relationship
and or you could also post on your
stories post on your feed constantly
highlighting thanking expressing
gratitude and just really really
appreciating your subscribers when
people feel appreciated when they feel
like you are truly grateful for them
they're more likely to stick around
they're more likely to build that
relationship with you they're more
likely to recommend your subscriptions
to their friends and they're just going
to be a subscriber for longer speaking
of gratitude thank you so much for
listening today I really appreciate it
and I have three questions they're all
related three questions for you to
answer in the comments if you're
watching this video on YouTube and those
three questions are number one are you
going to start using Instagram
subscriptions and offering that to your
followers and if so my second question
is what are you going to offer to them
is there some sort of specific exclusive
benefit I would love to hear your
general thoughts around subscriptions on
Instagram down in the comments and then
my third question is do you subscribe to
anyone I'm curious as a consumer now
let's take off our entrepreneur hat and
put on our consumer hat do you subscribe
to anyone I know personally I subscribe
to about two or three people on
Instagram and really just as a way to
give back and say thanks to those
content creators rather than necessarily
to get the perks or the benefits or the
features that they offer I'm really just
trying to give back but that's me I
subscribe to about two or three people
do you subscribe to anyone I'm curious
do you already use it as a consumer I'm
curious your thoughts and if you already
use it thank you so much for listening
today I really appreciate it I'll see
you in the next episode of build your
tribe thanks for being here
[Music]